where you, um ao In great school, I would probably say I was Maur studios.
I was always into the books. I love reading. I love writing love,
math and science and just enjoyed learning as I got older. Uh, the
more I got into sports and the more I got into girls unless I focused
on school. School came kind of easy to me in high school, so I can't
remember too often like taking home a book because it came so natural
to me. You know, I think my parents that helped me develop that
foundation of, like being a quick learner and high school. I didn't
have to study so much. College was kind of the same. I kind of felt,
you know, fell in hard with the women and sports and less on studies.
So I really didn't focus my year college until my senior year,
which I was challenged by my mother. So outside of that, up until now,
you know, it's kind of it's kind of taken a turn to be more focused
as a student toe. Apply the things that I learned in school, so
that's kind of how I would describe myself as a student